Add jobmanager-entrypoint and jobmanager-prestop-hook scripts (#8)
Cobliteam/docker-images: README.md

Base: openjdk:11.0.7-jre-slim-buster

This is a _Java_ image with the datadog agent configured

It downloads the datadog agent and adds it to the _JAVA_OPTS_ environment variable.
You can override the _JAVA_OPTS_, but remember to configure the agent by adding the parameter: `-javaagent:/opt/java-app/dd-java-agent.jar`.

To configure the DataDog agent, you need to set its environment variables. For example:
- `DD_ENV: prod`
- `DD_TRACE_ENABLED: "false"`
- `DD_AGENT_HOST: ${YOUR_AGENT_HOST_URL}`
- `DD_SERVICE: ${YOUR_SERVICE_NAME}`

## cobli/flink

Base: flink

Current building args:
- FLINK_VERSION=1.9
- SCALA_VERSION_MAJOR=2
- SCALA_VERSION_MINOR=11
- FLINK_HOME=/opt/flink

This is a _Flink_ image with some extra scripts to handle start/stop using
savepoints automatically. These scripts assume that we are deploying a

> custerjob, we are using zookeeper as H.A. mode and that the savepoints are
> stored in a local directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster with a single job, using H.A. mode backed by Zookeeper and storing
savepoints in local directory.
```
